earlier tonight from the Fox Theatre in
Detroit the first of two Democratic
debates this week and at this point now
that the dust is cleared it's John
Hickenlooper selection to loose this
this was some liner but it was actually
more pile up than line up ten candidates
got seven seconds each to solve the
healthcare crisis there were more
characters than on the show this is us
in this debate in there they are meet
the new management team at Kinkos John
Hickenlooper stepping on betos foot
there I don't know if you can see that
but that's only half of them that's only
it's weird they don't have a better
process for thinning the herd I have 30
years of reality TV taught the Democrats
nothing you can't go from 20 candidates
right to what first you have to put them
on an island and separate them into
tribes there are better ways to do this
can't they combine Tim Ryan Steve
Bullock and John Delaney and make them
all one guy I mean CNN has been hyping
this thing for weeks now and as you can
see the fans lined up this morning in
Detroit were fired up governor these are
your people here they are and we're
fired up we're thrilled that CNN's here
and that this to be this year Michigan
you know every road to the way home
Michigan by God
with all those people there were a lot
of rules tonight CNN gave the candidate
at 60 seconds to answer question 30
seconds for rebuttal when their time was
up a red light appeared which did put
Bernie Sanders head to disadvantage
because usually when the light turns red
he falls asleep until someone behind him
honks the horn Bernie was fired Bernie
he always looks like he's hitting every
button in the elevator at once he's
Bernie's pulling a second place behind
Joe Biden he has progressive ideas and
he's trying to reach younger voters and
it's not as difficult as it used to be
to reach them because nowadays if you
want to attract the younger crowd all
you need is the snapchat baby filter
senator Bernie Sanders we have got to
take on trucks racism his sexism
xenophobia and come together burns him
in button yeah you know a lot of people
a lot of people noticed online that
Elizabeth Warren and Amy Klobuchar were
dressed almost identically but what they
overlooked is that they were both
dressed like Michael Jackson was an
interesting group mayor Pete Budaj edges
of course making history as the first
openly volcán candidate and then then
there's marianne williamson me she
really she's like if the trailer for the
movie cats became a person now where did
she get the money to even me how many
dream catchers did was this woman able
to sell president Trump said he was
planning to watch the debate tonight he
started the day with some light yelling
on the White House lawn Mitch McConnell
is a man that does
about Russia and Russia influence and
even Donald Trump and I know nothing the
president has been taking a lot of heat
for his attacks on the city of Baltimore
and their congressman Elijah Cummings
Cummings is african-american and so is
most of Baltimore but make no mistake
about it Donald Trump is as not racist
as not racist can be I am the least
racist person there is anywhere in the
world everything's in competition with
him he can't just say he's not raised as
he has to be the least racist person
anywhere in the world what is that does
that mean like his wife and kids are
more racist than he is
and by the way if you do a Google search
for most racist person in the world
guess his face comes up first second
fifth sixth and seventh unattended and I
talked about being racist Trump claims
that african-americans in Baltimore are
happy about what he said the
african-american people have been
calling the White House they have never
been so happy as what a president is
done but they're so happy that I pointed
out
the corrupt politics of Baltimore it's
filthy dirty it's so horrible and they
are happy as hell mr. president
african-americans are on the phone
they're happy you said they live in hell
if nothing is true a lot of people seem
to think this racist stuff is part of
Trump's master plan to fire up his base
I think they're giving him too much
credit this is no strategy he has no
plan
he's just an impulsive diet coke fueled
racist Garfield not the president the
cat by the way congratulations on making
it to the end of the YouTube video why
not celebrate by clicking the subscribe
button you earned it